well welcome once again we're in the
heart of Addis Ababa Ethiopia with my
co-hosts right here who's helping me out
who lives here in the slums I've chosen
a spectacular most beautiful area
welcome to the Golden Gate Bridge here
of Ethiopia and look at all this
wonderful yummy smelly trash guess what
we've got more bargains for you the
reason why I've chosen this place I see
the potential future right here all this
trash blows into the heart the river
right here going to the heart of the
city and guess what if the beauty is
come and bring your yachts and Fisher
because it makes the fish more yummy and
teacher to fish back to eat all this
trash you will get the protein and
bacteria that you've been deprived all
around the world come to Ethiopia it is
all good and welcome to our slums right
over here where you can get the best
deal ever you can see look at crime lots
right here open with Riverview fronts
all going for a surprise just give me a
call traveling day 1 800 traveling days
I calm and we will hook you up right
we'll hook you up
he's ready he's my first client we voted
for he's the Manager we'll see you there
hi Caracas is create more here with a
special for you Ethiopian property we
have one last riverfront property left
for you check out the view oceanfront
over here I have my staff down near the
river waiting for you in case you come
up on a yacht we have laundry service
available only here you need to laundry
that we can do it also and don't worry
about the rubbish being picked up just
throw it out the window check out all
the junk check it out the window
and it's picked up later on oh the Flies
don't worry about the fly but check out
the view you can have neighbors come on
here passing your boy and who you got up
outside your house oh wait your friends
be jealous call me cragmore Crocodile
Hunter real estate woohoo what a beauty
you